[RHACS] ROX-19080: Adding Troubleshooting Central guide (#68453)
openshift/openshift-docs: troubleshooting_central/restoring-central-database-by-using-the-roxctl-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="restoring-central-database-by-using-the-roxctl-cli"]
= Restoring Central database by using the roxctl CLI
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: restoring-central-database-by-using-the-roxctl-cli

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the `roxctl` CLI to restore {rh-rhacs-first} by using the `restore` command. You require an API token or your administrator password to run this command.

Reviewer: Same:
```suggestion
You can use the `roxctl` CLI to restore {rh-rhacs-first} by using the `restore` command. This command requires an API token or your administrator password.
```
